- (x) Recompute frustum planes once per frame instead of reconstructing them per 
      chunk in `isChunkInFrustum`.
- ( ) Replace `renderer.init` chunk entry estimate (`view_distance / 2` cubed 
      is the wrong scale); use chunks in radius.
- ( ) Replace chunk booleans with an enum:
      `const ChunkState = enum {generating, needs_mesh, queued_for_mesh, meshing, ready };`
- ( ) Remove hardcoded 32s from collision, centralize chunk size in `Chunk.zig`.
- ( ) Use lookup tables for block properties and face textures rather than scattered logic.
- ( ) `RenderWorld` is doing too much (chunk discovery, chunk creation, frustum test, sort
      mesh-to-world conversion, quad clipping, triangle emission)
- ( ) Make "missing chunk collision policy" explicit (cf `unknow` is treated as solid).
- ( ) Limit vertical chunk range.
- ( ) Cache triangle-to-tile overlap results instead of calling `triangleMayOverlapTile`
      twice.
- ( ) Use barycentric linearity in `triangleMayOverlapTile`.
- ( ) Replace repeated array copies with `@memcpy` where appropriate.
- ( ) Implement texture arrays rather than a texture atlas, and re-implement mipmapping
      correctly.
- ( ) Review and prepare the rasterization hot loop.
- ( ) Use 2x2 (or 4x1) quad stepping.
- ( ) Hierarchical tile reject.
- ( ) Coarse depth / Hi-Z.
- ( ) Specialized paths for axis-aligned voxel faces.
- ( ) Wireframe mode, and other debug modes.
- ( ) When a chunk is fully empty, do not allocate its data and mark it as empty.
- ( ) LookAt matrix + basic block placement (fully remesh chunk for now).
- ( ) Implement a basic UI for block selection.
- ( ) Try to not fully remesh chunk when placing a block.
- ( ) Reviews player physics.

* ( ) Precompute visible chunk offsets
  For a fixed chunk view radius, precompute all relative chunk offset once, 
  sorted by distance. Then each frame just add player chunk coord and iterate.
  This removes: triple nested loops, repeated sphere checks, some sorting preasure.

* ( ) Store render-ready mesh data closer to final use
  Right now every frame chunk-local quads vertices are converted into world-space 
  vertices before clipping. That costs a lot. Instead:
  - Store chunk mesh in world space, or
  - Store compact local vertices plus chunk origin separately and apply origin in 
    a tighter path, or 
  - Store a render-ready quad format.

* ( ) Split the project into systems
  - `world/` - chunk storage, streaming, terrain generation
  - `mesh/` - face-mask generation, greedy meshing, mesh format
  - `render/`- visibility, triangle setup, triangle binning, rasterizer
  - `platform/` - SDL only
  - `game/` - player, collision, input mapping

* ( ) Introduce a real chunk lifecycle
  - *Streaming system* decides desired chunks
  - *Generation queue* creates voxel data
  - *Meshing queue* creates render mesh
  - *Renderer* consumes only ready meshes

  How to unload chunks? Should I save them to disk?

  - Make mesh ownership immutable during render:
  -- Worker builds a new mesh object.
  -- When done, swap it into the chunk in a controlled way.
  -- Renderer only reads stable mesh pointers for the whole frame.

  _Question_:
  How to efficiently implement and multithread chunk lifecycle?

* *More advanced*
  - Light.
  - Better terrain generation.
  - LOD.
  - CRT/bloom shader effect.
