* Problem constrains

  $ Multiresolution voxel pyramid
  Several versions of the same voxel world at different resolutions.

  The best fit is a /hybrid LOD/, not a full multiresolution 
  voxel pyramid.

  $ Geometry clipmaps
  A fixed set of chunks centered on the viewer, at power-of-two resolutions, 
  updated incrementally as the player moves.
  Paper: {https://hhoppe.com/geomclipmap.pdf}.

  Keep normal chunks near the player, but render simplified terrain 
  outside the normal distance (analogous to geometry clipmaps).

  Do not start with true 3D voxel LOD for the first implementation. 
  If two voxel mehshes of different resolution touch, we get cracks at 
  the boundary. Transvoxel exists specifically to stitch 2:1 multiresolution 
  isosurface boundaries using local transition cells, but that is mainly for 
  Marching Cubes–style surfaces.

* Implementation 
  `ChunkVersion` is expensive even before the mesh:
  - `32^3 = 32768` voxels;
  - bitfields = `3 * 32 * 32 * 4 = 12288` bytes.
    That is 44KiB per live chunk version before mesh memory.

  As such, I can't affort to keep full voxel chunks for far terrain:
  - For near field, keep the current system as is.
  - For far field, use a separate 2D surface LOD tile system.
  -- Store 2D tiles in XZ that summarize the terrain surface.
  -- Each far tile is a coarse height/appearance proxy for a patch of world.

* Why 2D far tiles are the right choice.
  - No far voxel arrays.
  - No far terrain meshing.
  - It is possible to cap far geometry to a fixed budget per ring.
  - Frustum culling becomes cheper because I cull 2D tiles, 
    not stacks of 3D chunks.

  Trade-offs:
  This representation is fundamentally a *surface approximation*, 
  not full volumetric terrain. It is exellent for distant mountains,
  hills, shorelines, and skylines, but it will not preserve distant cave
  and overhangs perfectly unless it is extended.



  $ 2D surface LOD
  One height per (x, z), maybe top material.

  $ True 3D voxel LOD
  Coarser 3D version of world itself.

